Revise doc; include new example kubeconfig (#199)
redhat-appstudio/docs.appstudio.io: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-to-guides/managing-environments/proc_creating_your_own_environment.adoc

= Creating your own environment 

You can configure {ProductName} to deploy applications to your own cloud-hosted cluster, outside the default development environment. By using this option to bring your own cluster (BYOC), you can deploy your applications to an environment that meets your specific needs. And if you bring your own cluster, you can still access all the features and benefits of {ProductName}. 

.Prerequisites

> * You must have credentials for full read and write access to the namespace for your cluster.   

Reviewer: Full?
Do we want to say "with"?
If not is there an incomplete read and write access?

.Procedure

To create your own environment, you first need to create a functional `kubeconfig` file. Then, using that file, you add the cluster as a new environment in the {ProductName} UI.

> . In your preferred text editor, create a `kubeconfig` file based on the following example:

Reviewer: Suggestion: Since we have an example below for additional clarity can we add annotations in the example? For example, `server` - What kind of server, from where to get the link?
same for `cluster`, and `namespace` (What kind of namespace?)
... and others

For example, in the link look for annotations in Procedure step 2. https://pr-197--boisterous-meerkat-894982.netlify.app/documentation/main/how-to-guides/proc_prefetching-dependencies-to-support-hermetic-build/

Author: I think that's a good suggestion, so I added quite a few annotations, and tried to be specific. That having been said, there are some details that users might have to figure out on their own, particularly depending on the cloud service they're using to host their cluster. Anyway, please check out the updated preview and see what you think about the annotations:
https://pr-199--boisterous-meerkat-894982.netlify.app/documentation/main/how-to-guides/managing-environments/proc_creating_your_own_environment/

> . In your preferred text editor, create a `kubeconfig` file based on the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In your preferred text editor, create a `kubeconfig` file locally based on the following example:
```

+

[source]
--
apiVersion: v1
clusters:
- cluster:
    server: https://api.sandbox-m2.ll9k.p1.openshiftapps.com:6443
  name: api-sandbox-m2-ll9k-p1-openshiftapps-com:6443
contexts:
- context:
    cluster: api-sandbox-m2-ll9k-p1-openshiftapps-com:6443
    namespace: rhn-support-csears-dev
    user: rhn-support-csears/api-sandbox-m2-ll9k-p1-openshiftapps-com:6443
  name: rhn-support-csears-dev/api-sandbox-m2-ll9k-p1-openshiftapps-com:6443/rhn-support-csears
current-context: rhn-support-csears-dev/api-sandbox-m2-ll9k-p1-openshiftapps-com:6443/rhn-support-csears
kind: Config
preferences: {}
users:
- name: rhn-support-csears/api-sandbox-m2-ll9k-p1-openshiftapps-com:6443
  user:
    token: sha256~<remainder of token omitted>
--

+

> . In the {ProductName} UI, go to *Environments* > *Create Environment*. 

Reviewer: Just a thought, do we want to specify what kind of Environment will be created? Static?

Author: I'll add in a few instances of "static environment" to clarify that

. Enter a name for the new environment.  
. Complete all the required fields for *Cluster information*: 
.. For *Select cluster*, select that you are bringing your own cluster.  
.. For *Cluster type*, select *Non-OpenShift* or *OpenShift*. 

> .. Upload your `kubeconfig` file, or paste its contents into the space provided.

Reviewer: Choose to ignore

Upload the kubeconfig file that you created in step #, or paste its contents in the field?

Author: Users can do it either way, by uploading the file or by copying and pasting the content of the file into the box on the screen. I think for users looking at the right window in the UI, this part of the doc will be clear enough :+1:

> .. Specify the namespace for the cluster that you are using.

Reviewer: Choose to ignore

Here we have specified the kind of namespace. I believe adding annotations in the example `Kubeconfig` file will add clarity :)

. Select *Create environment*.
. Confirm that your environment is created and is accessible under *Environments*. 

.Troubleshooting 

If any errors occur while creating your environment, complete the following steps: 

> . Make sure the token you provided in your `kubeconfig` is valid. If the token in your `kubeconfig` has expired, log in to your cluster and request a new token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Make sure the token you provided in your `kubeconfig` file is valid. If the token in your `kubeconfig` file has expired, log in to your cluster and request a new token.
```

> . Verify that you entered the correct values in the correct places in your `kubeconfig` file. When reading the example file, you can easily mistake the namespace, `rhn-support-csears-dev`, for the username, `rhn-support-csears`, and vice versa.  

Reviewer: Choose to ignore. This is just for maintaining parallelism

```suggestion
. Make sure that you entered the correct values in the right places in your `kubeconfig` file. When  you read the example file, you might easily mistake the namespace, `rhn-support-csears-dev`, for the username, `rhn-support-csears`, and vice versa.  
```

> . Confirm that your cluster can support another pod for deploying your application.

Reviewer: Same as above

```suggestion
. Make sure that your cluster supports another Pod for deploying your application.
```

> . If you do not find any errors in your `kubeconfig` file, go to *Environments* in the {ProductName} UI, select the three dots next to your new environment, delete the failed environment, and create it again.

Reviewer: Failed environment...How does a user confirm it?
Also, how about this:

```suggestion
. If you do not find any errors in your `kubeconfig` file, go to *Environments* in the {ProductName} UI, select the three dots next to the environment you created, select Delete environment, and then create a new environment.
```

Author: Made this change, but bolded the UI text and just wrote "Delete," since that's what's in the UI

> . If that still does not work, try clearing the cache of your browser. If you are using Chrome, try deleting and creating the environment again using Incognito Mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If that still does not work, try clearing the cache of your browser. If you are using Chrome, try deleting and creating the environment again using Incognito window. 
```

Author: Made this change, but with the indefinite article

.Additional resources

> * If you have the rights in your cluster to assign the `cluster-admin` role to a Service Account, you can follow link:https://gist.github.com/jannfis/07095088c0b5a10681db3b48fd197641[these instructions] to create a `kubeconfig` with a token that doesn't expire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you have the read and write access rights in your cluster to assign the `cluster-admin` role to a Service Account, you can follow link:https://gist.github.com/jannfis/07095088c0b5a10681db3b48fd197641[these instructions] to create a `kubeconfig` with a token that doesn't expire.
```
